Corie pity ingredients paints made of
quarter kg parboiled rice turmeric
powder and cumin seed cardamom cinnamon
stick peppercorn cumin sea ginger garlic
paste green chilli curry leaves tomato
chopped large onion sliced red chili
powder coriander powder turmeric powder
cumin seed powder coconut paste coconut
oil salt and chicken method of
preparation steamed bits of rice soaked
the parboiled rice for 2 hours and grind
it by adding quarter teaspoon of
turmeric powder and 2 pinches of cumin
seed and by adding small amount of water
make thick dough and then roll out thin
cocoon-like bits about 1/2 inch in
length
place them on an oiled piece of plantain
leaf and then steamed for ten minutes
sprinkle water on them to avoid sticking
each other
chicken preparation hate some coconut
oil in a pan add cardamom cumin seed
cinnamon and pepper
stir well
now add to this crushed garlic and
ginger
put some curry leaves followed by
chopped onions
stir well add some crushed bean chili
continued to stir
you
now add salt and stir well
put into this mix some pieces of tomato
you
next add powder turmeric red chilli
coriander and cumin seed
you
stir the ingredients well
into this add pieces of boneless chicken
and mixed them well
even now add some salt and the required
amount of water leave it to cook for
some more time
take out the steamed rice bits and
sprinkle some water
now it is time to check the chicken
preparation
and some coconut based and still well
allow some time for the chicken
preparation to get well cooked
you may add some garam masala
stir gently and add the steamed rice
bits
serve the dish heart and savor its
unique flavor
you